Effects for Items (Not sure how many new effects are planned if any.)
[-] weapon effects
Weapon effects:
Restrain (Speed or Cast Speed nerf)
Seal (Bloodline combat boosts(possibly Jutsu) seal or nerf)
Siphon (Chakra Leach)
Vampiric/Feast (Health Leach)
Extending/Reach (Possible offense buff?)

Just rough basic ideas, I thought maybe some weapons could give an offense buff. I had a thought that maybe some weapons could have drawback/side effects, in exchange for gaining more power, i.e Increased weight (Speed reduce/Stamina cost), dull (less damage to armor), Complex (Cooldown).


[-] Armor effects
Armor effects:
Neutralizer (Ninjutsu resist)
Scope (Scan range boost)

I had a few ideas for other effects to but could not come up with names for them. I thought maybe an armor that let you equip more weapons for battle e.g Pouch, holster, etc. And I actually thought of a few items that could be used as a sort of defense against Genjutsu, face mask that Keeps out fumes from possible smell orientated genjutsu Sunglasses that can block the eye contact from certain genjutsu. Just a few thoughts, since I know armor's for genjutsu were not planned but I thought I would give some insight as to how it might work. but in saying that I guess those would be more preventive items against genjutsu rather then items that would help when already under its effects. xD


[-] Consumable effects
Consumable effects:
Energize (food pills) (Taijutsu (possibly Ninjutsu and Genjutsu as well?) offense boost)
Rejuvenate (Specialized water/drink) (In battle regen boost)
Treatment (Healing salve/Bandage) (Heal)
Escape (Flash bomb) (Flee from a fight(small chance))
Weightless (Ankle weights) (Increase speed)
Enhancement (Mind awakening pill (Increase Intelligence)

I thought consumables could weaken the enemy as well, such Smoke Bomb could have a confuse effect that messes with enemy senses, thus decreasing their ability to defend against incoming Taijutsu or Ninjutsu (Mostly Ninjutsu since user could cast it from outside.) alternatively I suppose it could be treated as a Ninjutsu boost.


As for jutsu, I had a few ideas for effects but i'm sure they're already on the list of things to be included, well I will go ahead and post them anyway.

[-] Jutsu effects
Jutsu effects:
Boosts (Ninjutsu, Taijutsu, Genjutsu, Cast speed, Speed, Endurance, Willpower, Intelligence)
Health leach
Riposte (Reflects Taijutsu)
Reflect (Reflects Ninjutsu)
Four Pronged Seal (Drains Chakra (not a leach))
Six Pronged Seal (Drains stamina (Not a leach))
Paralyze (Stuns the opponent for a certain amount many turns)
Sleep (Much like stun, but instead if opponent is damaged the effect is canceled)
Regenerate (Heals user)
Poison (Weakens all defenses but to a lesser extent)
Bind (Speed and seal speed nerf but to a lesser extent)
Barrier (Weakens Taijutsu, Ninjutsu and Genjutsu offense(thought it might be nice to bring this back as an effect rather then a type.))

I had a thought that maybe Residual could have different type, such as, Electrical burn residual, Fire burn residual, Acid residual, bleeding residual and Frostbite residual. As for why.. Well each could combined with another type of residual or another effect altogether to increase the overall damage of the effect. e.g frostbite residual might be more subtitle to stuns, increasing the length of the stun or the residual effect could be lengthened from possibly using a wind jutsu. another one may be the residual damage of acid is increased due to the added effect of poison.


Also a few combat and passive boost ideas for BL:
[-] BL effects
Passive:
Max pool increase
Increased BL jutsu exp gain from using in combat
Stealth

Combat:
Regen for chakra
regen for stamina
Rounded defense (Combines Gen,Tai and Nin resist but to a lesser degree)
Weapons master (Increase the effect % of weapons)
Element genius (Increase the power of element vs element)
Cooldown reduction
Jutsu cost reduction
